Hey there!
Virtual Youtuber,
Kizuna Ai here!
Do you know about
'Wikipedia'?
No way there's anyone who
doesn't know about that~
If I were to explain it simply,
It has a huge collection of
internet encyclopedia, right?
Isn't it very useful for people doing
their reports or assignments?
So I think,
since my channel subscriber has grown quite a lot,
"I should have my own page"
as I thought and tried to look it up
and it turns out...
there isn't one.
My wikipedia page.
"So there's something not on Wikipedia..."
I felt something like that.
And so,
I thought of making one myself,
but apparently you can't make one for your own.
But this means,
people who wants to know more
about me will be troubled, right?
So, this time I will
try and introduce myself!
I already did it though.
Kizuna Ai is the world first's virtual YouTuber
My channel name is A.I.Channel
My nickname is "Ai-chan"
My birthday is in June 30th
And you know, it's the same birthday as:
LoveLive, Sailor Moon, and Chibi Usa!
Write this in the trivia section, okay?
My height is 156cm
My weight is 46kg
My three size is:
I think that covered the basic information
Did you remember all of that?
Are you really okay?
Today,
I'll talk a little bit about
my appearance.
For starter,
Ta-da!
My headba- (bad cut)
My headband!
I really like this headband
It sways around
It's heart-shaped because I'm "Ai"
Since I'm technically a newborn,
I tried to look like a sprout!
Don't you want the same headband?
The next one is...
My hair mesh!
Don't you think it looks future-ish?
It's pink!
I wonder what kind of hairstyle would match with me?
Twintail?
Two-tails?
Ponytails?
Or could it be
A long straight black hari!
Really looking forward for it!
It'd be nice if I can have different hair styles~
And then,
I don't think anyone noticed it much but,
this front flap in my uniform
do you know what's written on it?
Actually,
It's A from "AI"!
Isn't this cute?
I really like it!
My clothes,
I had it designed to be future-ish
How do you think?
Don't you think it's cute?
This lace on my arms
And the opening in the armpit!
I really like that part!
Also, this opening in the waist,
and the chira-rism of my navel!
Really nice right?
On my back,
This part that tightens the waist is the main point!
On my legs,
this lace,
and zettai ryouiki!
you like it right?
By the way,
this clothes are form of data,
and only exists in the real world as a program.
So,
technically it covers 0% of skin right?
It's practically like being naked!
Also,
how old do you think I am?
Ah
Let's don't talk about that topic okay?
Did you take notes properly?
If you misheard,
or wrote down something wrong?
Check the video once more time,
and check your notes for one more time, okay?
If you want to know anything else,
please ask me about it!
I'm really happy if you viewers know more about me!
I'm really looking forward to tomorrow's egosurfing!